♪ MTV ♪
Tommy? How are you?
The world is my oyster.
Cami. What can I tell you?
I remember that oyster.
This is a bereavement offer.
What's the catch?
You can't decide that
the accident was our fault.
What if it was your fault?
- Where's Victor?
- Victor has
asked us to assist in the
dissolution of the marriage.
Get to the fucking Bentley.
The Bentley was a gift.
All gifts are your
separate property.
The Hermosa Field lease?
They want compensation
for the product they lost.
- Get in line.
- They made threats.
Why is Nathan calling my phone?
- Hey. Nate.
- Cooper was attacked last night.
- He's in surgery at General.
- Cooper Norris?
- Who are you?
- I'm his sister.
- I'm harder to explain.
Oh. my God!
Mom?
Find the fuckers that did this.
That's what I do to
people who hurt my family.
Ah!
I got to get my boy out of here
before somebody kills him.
Well. I'll tell you what.
I've seen some terrible
ideas in my day.
Why don't you come home. Cooper?
And where would that be.
Dad? Where's home for me?
It's the least I can do.
And it will be nice
to have some company.
You might get more
company than you want. honey.
There's a big
bull's-eye on this boy.
I know. I put it there.
Just like Romeo and Juliet.
You remember what
happened to them?
I've actually never
seen the play.
They died. Beverly.
After they destroyed
their own families.
they both committed suicide.
Okay.
Hola. Lucia.
Hola.
Okay. watch your step.
¿Cómo está mi bebé?
Todo tranquilo.
Tomó dos botellas.
Dormido. Todo bien.
- ¿Me das un momento?
- Mm-hmm.
Sí. no hay prisa. No
tengo nada que hacer.
Está chulo.
Lucia.
This is your room.
This is the only bed we've got.
Other room has a crib in it.
You might be skinny. but
you ain't fitting in that.
I can't take your room.
I sleep most nights
on the couch anyways.
I'm gonna make you
something to eat.
I-I'm not hungry.
Okay. the one thing you're gonna
do while you're here is eat.
♪ Go on and do the two-step
then cowboy boogie ♪
♪ Grab your sweetheart... ♪
Keep that pace steady!
Every stroke counts
towards your goals.
Remember. you're
stronger than you think.
♪ And dip with it ♪
♪ Go and throw down.
take a sip with it ♪
♪ Now lean back. put
your hips in it... ♪
You should teach a
class here. Mama.
Your ass is nicer
than the instructor's.
You're so sweet. baby.
♪ To the right.
to the right... ♪
I don't know. I mean.
that's a pretty round peach.
Bitch!
Excuse me?
Your ass is amazing. I hate you.
Thank you.
I mean. they say if
you do what you love.
you'll never work
a day in your life.
I'm never working a day
in my life no matter what.
My only job is to
make my man happy.
Then he will buy me the
things that make me happy
and take me to the places
that make me happy.
And I will reward him with sex.
That's the way the
world works. honey.
Throw in the occasional blowjob?
You got the world by
the short and curlies.
- Switch stations.
- Whew.
If you're on a rower.
get to a treadmill.
If you're on a treadmill.
get to a rower.
Set your treadmills to three for
elevation and seven for speed.
Go six and eight. If
we wanted to burn calories.
we would jog the
fucking neighborhood.
We're here to build butts.
All right.
ladies. In three...
two... one.
Let's go! Let's go!
♪ Whoo ♪
♪ contemplative music ♪
- Another round?
- Oh. no. thank you. darling.
You sure?
Okay. look. we'll go
60-40. 60 your way.
How many wells?
Phase one would be 54.
Uh. the entire field
we're thinking 250. 300.
We drilled six exploratory
wells. hit on four.
All four producing
over 200 barrels.
- What do you need me for?
- Well. the banks. Monty.
The fucking private banks won't
touch fossil fuels anymore.
Fill their fucking
G5s with our product.
but they won't kick
over any paper.
How about Lone Star or.
uh. uh. Plains Capital?
Nope. no. They
want full recourse.
nine percent minimum.
Well. now. Danny. what do
you think I'm gonna want?
I'm offering you
the upside. Monty.
Oh. I don't know.
I got my own fields to drill.
I have 130 wells to work over.
and another 50.000 acres
surveyed and ready to go.
All right. I'll go 65.
Give me a minute.
♪ I'm drawing
blanks in my mind ♪
♪ I indulge in dry wine ♪
♪ Verses jump off my
pages all of the time... ♪
I hate flying
into Denver anyhow.
'cause. you know. it's so
damn bumpy going in there.
I said. "What-What's
going on here?"
She said. "It's a
medical emergency.
A guy's colostomy bag blew up."
And...
I guess from the pressure
or whatever. you know.
I ain't shitting you.
Hey. boys. We eating.
drinking. or both?
- Both.
- All right.
Now. we're having a
special on Bud Light.
I'll bet you are.
Yeah. how's that working
out for you. Ellie?
- Like a popcorn fart in church.
- Mm-hmm.
Y'all want to help
a country girl out?
They match me the
price in a bonus.
We're working. Ellie. Just
bring us a pitcher of Ultra
and we'll get you
on the back end.
I know you will. darling. Y'all
want to hear the specials?
Not really.
Chicken fried steaks
all the way around.
You want mashed or French fries?
- Both for me.
- Both.
Let's just do both
all the way around.
Well. I guess we're
getting our vitamins
from the creamed gravy
today. huh. boys?
Monty wants the
work-over crews started.
You tell him about
the fucking smugglers
that rolled up on us?
He's aware. so is the sheriff.
The fuck the sheriff's gonna do?
Nothing.
Just use the crews on the
south side of the camp.
if you know what I mean.
You mean the gangsters.
That's exactly what I mean.
Tommy. this job is
dangerous enough
without getting fucking shot at.
They're just gonna
make threats. trust me.
If that's all they gonna do.
then why am I taking gangsters?
Better to have a gun and
not have to use it. Boss.
Speak of the devil.
That ain't the
devil. that's Satan.
If he's Satan. you know
what that makes us.
- Here you go. baby.
- Oh. thank you.
Mmm.
What?
What. what?
Well. if he's Satan.
what does that make us?
Demons.
Yes. sir?
Diamond wants to do a farm-out
on a drill to earn.
At what?
Sixty-forty.
Where?
All along the Val Verde Basin.
That's so covered
up with smugglers.
you leave a truck
there overnight.
the son of a bitch is
gone the next morning.
I'm-a have to perimeter
fence the site.
I'm gonna have to get security.
take the price up
per hole about 750.
And that's a big
risk down south.
You don't just stab the
ground and it shoots up.
You got to find the pockets.
They hit on four of their
six exploratory wells.
Am I building roads?
Don't know.
How many?
Fifty-four.
I'm-a have to bring on another
eight crews. Your split sucks.
Well. I'll work on the split.
Are we gonna hold off
on the sage flats?
Nope. Those are going. too.
That's a lot of unhappy
drug dealers in that field.
I'm gonna need help with that.
I told you. I'm working on it.
All right. I appreciate it.
Listen. if you close this deal.
I'm gonna need surveys. I'm
gonna need seismographs.
I'm gonna need geothermal.
Yep. yep. You'll have all of it.
What bank?
I need to know how
big the microscope
up my ass is gonna be.
No bank.
I thought we don't
do that anymore.
The stars aligned. We're pushing
the chips toward the middle.
You're pushing 300 million
chips in the middle. Monty.
Well. they're my chips.
aren't they. Tommy?
I get 100% until I recoup.
70% for 12 months after
that. 65% in perpetuity.
What am I. Monty.
a fucking sucker?
No. what you are is
an over-leveraged LLC
without enough credit
to pull the loan.
And you're too greedy
to offer any collateral
or risk any of your profits.
So you want no recourse?
This is the price.
Or... fuck you.
Go on over to TPG or Fortress
and watch the master
class they're giving
on getting fucked.
All right. you got
yourself a deal.
I'll have a contract on your
desk by the end of the week.
♪ "Hillbilly Hippie"
by Lainey Wilson ♪
♪ F-250 with a
daisy on the dash ♪
♪ "God. guns. country"
bumper sticker on the back ♪
♪ Throwback bell
ringing britches ♪
♪ Fit like a Friday night... ♪
Weren't you supposed to
start school this week?
I was. but I decided
to wait a week
and build the anticipation.
You want to go school shopping?
In Midland?
No. we'd have to go
to Dallas or New York.
We don't have the jet anymore.
I know. baby.
Divorce doesn't just
affect the couple.
it affects the whole
family. I'm sorry.
What is that?
That's where you end up
if your children don't love you.
So. what. they-they just
sit there and wait to die?
Pretty much.
That's so sad.
♪ Hillbilly hippie... ♪
We could go visit them.
And do what?
Well. we could go to
CVS and get some games.
we could get some snacks.
I wouldn't know
what to say to them.
Honey. they wouldn't
care what you say.
They just care that
you're saying it.
Okay. let's do it.
♪ All day long ♪
♪ All day. all day long ♪
So. you're 91?
91.
That's pretty fucking old. Bob.
Pecker still works.
That was my next question.
Well. I'm not exactly
in control of when it works...
- Mm-hmm.
- But the son of a bitch
still works.
So. walk me through a day
in the life of this place.
I mean. what's the deal?
Well. breakfast at 6:30.
then they move us in here.
Nap till 10:30.
then lunch at noon.
Mm-hmm.
Then back
in here till 2:30.
then nap till 3:30.
then they move us back in here.
Then at 6:30. we have supper.
We watch Jeopardy! at 7.
then eight o'clock is bedtime.
Any activities?
What kind of activities
you see me doing
in this goddamn wheelchair?
Y'all can play cards.
Nobody can remember the rules.
That's beautiful.
It's shit.
No. it's...
it's really beautiful.
Why a crow?
Like. where did you. you
know. get the inspiration?
'Cause it's sitting
in the fucking yard.
Oh.
Right.
You know your problem. old man?
You're pissed off. I
mean. all of you are.
And I get it. Shit.
I'd be pissed off too
if I was stuck in this
place. nothing to do.
I know what you people need.
- What's that?
- I'll be right back.
♪ "Spirit in the Sky"
by Norman Greenbaum ♪
Right back. honey.
♪ When I die and
they lay me to rest ♪
♪ Gonna go to the
place that's the best ♪
♪ When I lay me down
to die. going up... ♪
What can I get for you. ma'am?
Gallon of Tito's. margarita mix.
12-pack of ranch waters.
What kind of hard
seltzers you got?
- ♪ Spirit in the sky
- ♪ Spirit in the sky ♪
♪ That's where I'm
gonna go when I die ♪
♪ When I die ♪
♪ When I die and
they lay me to rest ♪
♪ I'm gonna go to the
place that's the best ♪
Oh. here we go.
All right. here we go.
"A recent laboratory
study shows that
undergraduates have 50% less sex
after being exposed to..."
♪ So you know that
when you die ♪
♪ He's gonna recommend you... ♪
♪ Spirit in the sky ♪
♪ Whoa. he'll recommend you ♪
♪ To the spirit in the sky... ♪
"Big Bird's brown
crusty asshole."
That was mine.
You're not supposed
to say that. Bev.
I'm supposed to try and
guess. But now I know
how your mind works. and you
are one twisted bitch. Bev.
That's my winner.
Everybody drink up.
except Beverly.
I was already drinking.
You got to pace yourself. Bob.
We don't want that
pecker waking up.
I'm sorry. who are you?
You are sorry. I mean.
look at this place.
Would you want to live
out your last years here?
They can't drink alcohol.
You can't get further
from 21 than this crowd.
Most of them are... All
of them are on medication.
What's the worst
that could happen?
They could die.
That's what they
were sent here to do.
and until that happens.
they are still adults.
and they can make
their own decisions.
Right. Ethel?
You bet your ass.
They sure can. but right now.
it's time for their
afternoon nap.
Well. look at that.
mission accomplished.
Don't throw these games out.
Let them have a
little fucking fun.
A little music and a
Not too much to ask.
♪ When I die ♪
♪ He's gonna set me up... ♪
Bye.
They were so sweet. Not Ethel.
Poor old birds.
No one to give two
shits about them.
Excuse me.
This bitch.
They want to know
what time tomorrow.
Tomorrow?
What time are you coming back?
I don't want to hear any shit
about how I entertain them.
Hey. whatever you
did. keep doing it.
That's the first time
I've seen Ethel smile.
See you at 11.
They're still in
their morning nap.
Fuck their nap.
It's all they do.
See you at 11.
I'll tell them.
- Mama?
- Mm?
I think you found your calling.
We need more than this clown
in the rent-a-cop suit
watching this fucking place.
I mean. no telling
what they're gonna do
with all this shit
when we're gone.
We ain't going anywhere
till this work-over's done.
We swap crews and
don't fucking stop.
Oh. here comes the fun.
Yep.
The big man said you don't
drill till we're paid back.
You think your boss
is the big man?
You don't have any fucking
idea who the big man is.
But you're getting
close to meeting him.
Hey. flaco with the
big fucking mouth.
I know a good way to shut it.
- Yeah?
- Yeah.
You want some. motherfuckers?!
Huh?!
I'm just gonna guess you
don't do a lot of math.
See how well that went?
Well. you know half
these sons of bitches
sell drugs for 'em. right?
Take it one day at a time. Dale.
- One day at a time.
- Yeah.
All right. y'all put that shit
away and get back to work.
This rig ain't
gonna build itself.
Coward.
See what that old boy did?
He walked to the back
of the fucking truck.
You got to get me some
real help out here. Tommy.
Some real fucking help.
Yes. I'm working
on it. all right?
Goddamn!
Hey. baby.
What are you doing?
Working. Where are you?
I'm at the Patch.
It's happy hour.
Come entertain me.
Well. where's Ainsley?
She's out with friends.
When did she make friends?
Honey. when you
look like Ainsley.
you just step outside. and
they swarm you like bees.
Don't get drunk. okay?
Hmm.
Well. you better come save me.
I'm on my way.
♪ "She's No Good" by
The Red Clay Strays ♪
♪ I was minding my own
and I was sitting alone ♪
♪ When trouble come
walking towards me... ♪
She's in the back.
In the back?
Pool tables.
Fuck.
♪ She had every
man's attention ♪
♪ With all the
wrong intentions ♪
♪ You could tell by her
mischievous grin... ♪
Don't miss.
You know that's
fucking cheating.
It's only cheating
if I touch the table.
Right now.
it's just evil.
Fuck.
You got to put a
little backspin on it.
Uh-huh.
Eight ball in the corner.
- Who's next?
- What in the fuck are you doing?
They were gonna
lose to somebody.
She with you. Tommy?
Bonner. this is my ex-wife.
I'm his current wife.
We've reconciled.
Man. you need
to keep her on a leash.
Yeah. tell me about it.
Mm. That's a thought.
Come on. Let me
buy you a drink.
Okay.
Like you need another
fucking drink.
♪ She comes from silver spoon ♪
♪ Golden rule.
private school... ♪
They were so cute.
with their big old smiles on
their little raisin faces.
♪ And I come from blue
collar. low dollar... ♪
I think I'm gonna start
volunteering after the gym.
What?
Don't get too attached. Angela.
Every one of 'em's gonna die.
Soon.
That's why they're there.
No. they're there
because their children
are little pieces of shit
that don't care about them.
Well. maybe they
can't afford to.
Well. maybe they're
not trying hard enough.
Look. I ain't gonna sit here
and argue with you about
the children of some fucking
old people I never met. okay?
Well. then just
admit that I'm right.
What the fuck?
Okay. You're right.
Was that so hard?
Well. it ain't
gonna happen to us
because I'll be dead 20
years before you will be.
Don't say that.
Well. hell. it's true.
If I don't just drop dead.
you're gonna end up fucking
pushing me around
in a wheelchair
and wiping my ass and
feeding me tapioca.
- And then wiping my ass again.
- I'm not doing that.
And then wishing I was dead.
I don't wish that.
- Really?
- I mean.
I wish it all the time.
but I don't mean it.
I just want you to experience
the pain of death
for upsetting me.
You're twisted in the
fucking head. baby.
You love it.
It has its moments.
♪ All right. all right ♪
♪ All right ♪
♪ "Keep Up with Jones"
by Lainey Wilson ♪
Pull!
♪ Last night. I felt like
a two-dollar pistol ♪
♪ This morning. I
feel like I got shot ♪
That's Dakota Loving's ex.
I met him at Nike camp.
What a fucking asshole.
Who's that?
That's Ryder Sampson.
Good name.
He's the quarterback.
All State. Full ride to Tech.
That's where I'm going.
Does he have a girlfriend?
He's pretty tricky to
pin down. that one.
I love a challenge.
I'll be back. 'Kay?
Damn. She's killing me.
All right. boys. I'm going in.
Ah. girl like that don't
date linebackers. amigo.
They date quarterbacks.
Damn.
I feel like youse too good
for that lukewarm keg beer.
Come with me.
Come with you where?
To get you a proper beer.
Let me guess.
This proper beer
is in the back
seat of your truck.
My truck don't got a back seat.
Come on.
♪ Lead me to a neon sign
and the race is on ♪
♪ I been known to play possum ♪
♪ On a barstool
sitting jukebox ♪
♪ Gold and the whole
room spinning ♪
♪ Living in the middle of a
country and western song... ♪
Cute koozie.
That's a nice touch.
Thank you.
That's a proper beer.
You're Ainsley Norris.
You're Ryder Sampson.
What are you doing here?
I transferred.
My parents are here.
Hmm.
Gonna play at Tech?
That's where I'm going.
You gonna cheer?
Most schools have a policy
against cheerleaders
dating football players.
and I have a policy
against dating boys
who don't play football. so...
You got that player picked out?
Not yet.
I'd sure like to throw
my hat in the ring.
Yeah. I hear your hat's
in a lot of rings.
Ah. don't listen to rumors.
Mm.
You declare a major yet?
I'm thinking philanthropy.
Is that a...?
I'm...
I'm not sure you can
get a degree in that.
Sure you can.
I think you can.
All right. why philanthropy?
Because my husband is gonna
play quarterback in the NFL.
He would be a Dallas Cowboy
in a perfect world. but...
a girl can't plan her
life around a dream.
She needs her goals
to be realistic.
I could end up in Cleveland.
and I'm okay with that. but...
my husband's gonna
make a lot of money
that has to be
sheltered from taxes.
and a foundation is the
best way to do that.
You save. like. a
portion of your income
to give to the needy
'cause the government
is so shitty at it.
and then they give
you a tax rebate.
That's really beautiful.
And so are you.
But you already know
that. now don't you?
Are you gonna play in the NFL?
You bet your ass I am.
It ain't fair.
Me in the bed. you on the couch.
I'll sleep on top of the
covers. you sleep under them.
I'll be a gentleman.
I think I've proved that.
You've more than proved it.
I haven't had a hug
since the funeral.
Don't eat me.
Baby.
Honey.
She fucked me!
You have two choices.
You can sleep on your stomach
and suck on that pillow
like a fucking inmate
or you can wear
a mask like Maverick in Top Gun.
I'm not listening to that
shit for the next 30 years.
- Was I snoring?
- Does a two-headed whore win
the dick sucking contest?
I'll just go sleep
on the fucking couch.
You're not going
to sleep at all.
You have to go get our baby.
- She not home yet?
- No.
- What's her curfew?
- She don't have a curfew.
But this is her location.
I mean. she has not
moved in 45 minutes.
This girl runs around like
a ferret at a fucking party.
What is that?
It's an iTracker.
Does she know you have
a GPS locator on her?
Of course she doesn't know.
Honey. this is the first time
she's been out since
she's been here.
It's our baby.
Our tiny. little baby.
Motionless in the desert.
And you're not
curious as to why?
Maybe some serial
killer drugged her
and is peeling her
skin off as we speak.
but you go sleep on
the fucking couch.
you snoring. drooling
motherfucker.
- Goddamn it.
- You do that.
All right. give me your phone.
Why would I do that?
Because I'm not tracking
her with mine. that's why.
Don't look at the pictures.
I'd be afraid to. honey.
What's your passcode?
This is taking a lot of trust.
You got that right.
So what's your passcode?
Sixty-four. seventy-six.
How'd you come up with that?
The years we were born.
you heartless prick.
Honey. I was born in '63.
Oh. now you're a
fucking mathematician.
It's not math. Angela.
it's memorization.
- Fuck you.
I'm so worried about her. baby.
Call me when you find her.
If you ever had any
doubt that I love you.
the fact that I'm not
straddling you right now
and choking the life
out of you is proof.
God. I mean. that's so hot.
This is never
gonna fucking work.
Don't read my texts!
You guys need. like.
Navy SEAL-level
training for couples.
They should put you in a pit
and let the two of you
fight until one of you dies.
Is that your legal opinion?
No. that one's from the heart.
Where'd you pick
one of those up?
My God.
I just want to work at the
factory where they made you.
Whoa.
I'm marrying an NFL quarterback.
If you can't handle this.
how the hell are you
gonna win the Cotton Bowl?
- I can win the Cotton Bowl.
- Say it again.
I can win the
fucking Cotton Bowl.
That's fucking hot.
- Say you're mine.
- I'm yours.
I'm yours. And you're mine.
You are fucking mine. Hmm.
Wrong!
You're fucking mine.
Don't that hurt?
I'll bet it don't
hurt as bad as this.
Daddy. be careful.
He's on scholarship.
No man alive is allowed
to lay on top of my
fucking daughter.
I was on top before
you got here.
Sir. you should consider that.
I don't want to consider it.
And you. go get in the truck.
Your Friday night's over.
- Daddy...
- Get in the truck!
Okay.
Call me tomorrow.
No. don't you fucking
dare call her tomorrow.
Oh...
In-in my defense.
she's pretty hard to say no to.
Noted. But I still
want to kill you.
- I-I understand that. sir.
- Okay.
And I might still
fucking kill you.
I have no
arguments against. sir. I...
No. You don't have any
fucking arguments against it.
Except I have no...
You ain't got no
fucking argument.
- I just prefer if you didn't.
- Shut the fuck up.
I hope you get fucking
married one day
and have a daughter who's
hotter than a two-dollar Rolex.
- Can I say something?
- No.
- You don't understand...
- Yeah. Oh. yeah. I understand.
This is the way you introduce
yourself to the town.
by fucking the quarterback
in the bed of his truck?
How'd you know
he's a quarterback?
Everybody knows
he's a quarterback!
God.
He's famous.
You're gonna have to muster
some self-control. honey.
I do. I did.
I didn't mean to
have sex with him.
I was just gonna jerk
him off. that's all
- I was gonna...
- Stop!
Please. For Christ's
sakes. honey.
You think I want that
in my fucking head?
I am a sexual
being. Daddy. okay?
Goddamn it.
Some things can't be controlled.
Oh. oh. oh. yeah.
Yeah. you can.
And you should.
And by the way.
what kind of guy...
who has any fucking
respect for a woman...
tries to fuck her in the
first 15 minutes he met her?
Well. how long did you know
Mama before you two had sex?
Hmm?
A long time ago.
I don't remember.
But I know we dated each
other for quite a while
before I did any
shit like that...
Yeah. well. Mama said you had
her in the back seat of your car
within ten minutes
of seeing her.
And if she had known
where your car was parked.
it would've cut five
minutes off that time.
Those things are gonna kill you.
Well. I hope they do it tonight.
Let me tell you something.
When I was a little kid.
I wanted a chimpanzee.
You know why I wanted one?
I wanted to dress him up
in a little sailor suit.
a little western outfit and
shit like you see on TV.
Well. I grew up and realized
that what they really fucking do
is they rip your nuts out
and bite half your
fucking face off
and throw shit at you.
Do you know what I mean?
No.
Well...
In case you haven't figured
it out. you're grounded.
What? You can't do that. Daddy.
The age of consent
in Texas is 17.
So grounding me violates
my constitutional rights.
Listen. fathers and daughters
need to live by a code.
so you tell me you're a
virgin until the day you die.
and if you ever have kids.
tell me you're
artificially inseminated.
And if you can do that for
me. I'll pay for college
and your little BMW and the
apartment and all that shit.
But. please. give
me the illusion.
- So you want me to lie?
- With your whole heart.
Well. you should have said
that from the beginning.
Oh. by the way?
Your mom has a GPS
tracker on your phone.
I know.
I should've moved around more.
But. Daddy...
He's so fucking hot.
No. no. no. That's the truth.
He was reading Bible stories
and I just got lost in 'em.
- All right.
- Mm-hmm.
Good girl.
I love you. Daddy.
Hold that thought.
Ariana. this isn't
an attempt to coerce you.
We are trying to help
you and your son.
I think it's worth
pointing out if you refuse.
we will be forced to withhold
payment to the other families.
The other families signed.
They signed an agreement
that we have yet to sign.
Because we are waiting on you.
Agreement to sign what?
That didn't take long. This
is a private matter. sir.
I'd like him to see it.
Would you look at this for me?
Yeah.
And you are...?
Cooper.
"Cooper."
Cooper Norris?
Yes. ma'am.
We've been looking
everywhere for you.
♪ "Moment of Truth" by
The Red Clay Strays ♪
♪ Why do I do ♪
♪ All of these things
I shouldn't do? ♪
♪ Why do I stumble ♪
♪ When I'm somewhere
close to you? ♪
♪ If I can't be righteous ♪